caligula: add page (#16148)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/caligula.md

# caligula

> > A user-friendly, lightweight TUI for disk imaging. More information: <https://github.com/ifd3f/caligula>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A user-friendly, lightweight TUI for disk imaging. 
> More information: <https://github.com/ifd3f/caligula>.
```

Author: Ah, I did see that in the style guide, but most other pages seemed to have it on one line. My bad!

- Flash `image.iso` to a drive:

`caligula burn image.iso`

> - Flash `image.iso` to a drive, while not inputting the hash interractively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flash `image.iso` to a drive without entering the hash interactively:
```

> `caligula burn image.iso --hash <hash>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`caligula burn image.iso {{[s|--hash]}} {{hash}}`
```

Author: There are more options than just `--hash`, but I omitted them for brevity, as they would seldom be useful. Would you want that last example to be a full listing of all command options?

Reviewer: I just edited it to match the guidelines. For example, `{{[-s|--hash]}}` — where `-s` represents the short option and `--hash` represents the long option — and the user can choose between them.
